come an employee of this firm you will
make your first million within three
years I'm gonna repeat that you will
make a million dollars at the stock
trading house of JT Marlin a new
generation is building their fortune I
want you to go out buy yourselves a new
car by yourself a house superstars say
money can't buy happiness look at the
smile on my face here baby
you have to be closing all the time and
be a question we're not a push this is
Chris Marlin over at JT Marlin right now
the whole firms going nuts hold on let
me open up the door to my office see
that give me the two thousand shares
done
Santa's laid every call you make the
only question is who's gonna close you
our hand can be whoever you want to be
on the phone I'm 46 years old I have 22
years of warranted spring no place is
going on she revealing stocks that
really it's college function yes my
first account baby you're one of us now
this kid is really good he's gonna go
down hard sky's the limit
are you gonna be rich stuff how come
I've never heard of this firm I saw John
shredding a bunch of toxins so why would
you wanna look too deep into something I
mean you know I carry it what are you
doing man this guy's a no joke I figured
out how Michaels making his money
we're selling stock companies that don't
exist FBI who like to talk about your
relationship except table
somebody tells you they got money
problems yes sir no I want my money back
oh sorry I can't do that
destroying people's lives I want to get
out of the firm I don't care what you do
anymore so Davis here it's time that
Giovanni Ribisi vin diesel me along Tom
never it's God and then that's like
anybody tells you money is the root of
all evil doesn't have it
welcome to the new American Dream